Add MessageFromInput UserObject to print a message from the input file (#23723)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/userobjects/MessageFromInput.md

# MessageFromInput

!syntax description /UserObjects/MessageFromInput

## Description

> This user object provides an option to print a message to screen from the input file. The user can customize when the message should print(The default option is EXEC_INITIAL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user object provides an option to print a message to the screen during the simulation. The message can be written in the input file. The user can customize when the message should print, the default option is to print it at the initialization of the simulation, with `execute_on = INITIAL`.
```
